Split User_command's stable and regular types (#16852)
MinaProtocol/mina: changes/16852.md

# PR #16852 Split User_command's stable and regular types

## Summary

Decouple user command's `Stable.Latest.t` and `t` types.

Plus: define `read_all_proofs_from_disk` and `write_all_proofs_to_disk` as `Fn.id` in `zkapp_command.ml`
and use these definitions in all of the types that depend on `Zkapp_command.t`.

## Impact

> Allows transaction's type to contain on-disk-cache refences. A step toward larger RAM optimization effort.

Reviewer: references

> Allows transaction's type to contain on-disk-cache refences. A step toward larger RAM optimization effort.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Allows transaction's type to contain on-disk-cache references. A step toward larger RAM optimization efforts.
```

Reviewer: you can probably remove this as @mrmr1993 suggested, since this just uses Fn.id for now in the Zkapp_command module

Reviewer 2: Some user-facing description instead would be good. It's hard to sell to users why they care that we 'split User_command's stable and regular types', but there is value here if described nicely.

Author: > Some user-facing description instead would be good. It's hard to sell to users why they care that we 'split User_command's stable and regular types', but there is value here if described nicely.

I struggle to find one beyond what's written. Could you recommend or suggest to drop the changelog altogether?
